Update doc about deploying ESF using SAR AWS console (#767)
elastic/elastic-serverless-forwarder: docs/en/aws-deploy-elastic-serverless-forwarder.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/aws-serverless-forwarder-create-function.png[Create Elastic Serverless Forwarder Lambda function within SAR]
+
. Complete the **Application settings** according to <<aws-serverless-forwarder-define-deploy-parameters>>. 

> Please specify the parameters even if it's already exist in the `config.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please specify the parameters even if they already exist in the `config.yaml` file.
```

> Please specify the parameters even if they already exist in the `config.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must specify the parameters even if they already exist in the `config.yaml` file.
```
should be also mentioned explicitly that there must be defined at least one of the parameters: `ElasticServerlessForwarderSQSEvents`/`ElasticServerlessForwarderS3SQSEvents`/`ElasticServerlessForwarderKinesisEvents`/ `ElasticServerlessForwarderCloudWatchLogsEvents`, depending on the used input type ?
